tikv: update the default value of compaction-guard-min-output-file-si… (#13972)
pingcap/docs: tikv-configuration-file.md

### `compaction-guard-min-output-file-size`

+ The minimum SST file size when the compaction guard is enabled. This configuration prevents SST files from being too small when the compaction guard is enabled.

> + Default value: Before v7.2.0, the default value is `"8MB"`. Starting from v7.2.0, the default value is `"1MB"`

Author: ```suggestion
+ Default value: Starting from v7.2.0, the default value is changed from `"8MB"` to `"1MB"`
```
